#   Build the Resume
*   **Description**: To explain about the, what a resume is, specifications of good resume and what are the activities of building the resume based on profile.
*   
*   **What is Resume**: A resume is a document that summarizes a person's profile-based qualifications, skills, and experience for a specific job or position. It is typically used in the hiring process to help employers evaluate candidates and make informed decisions about who to hire.
   
*   **Specifications of Good Resume**: A good resume is not a graphical beautiful resume. A good resume is one that can be built by including the job seeker's basic information and all the information of the job seeker's profile roadmap.
*  The HR department of the firm that primarily review the resume never bothers to fully review the resume. The HR department that reviews the resume checks whether the resume contains the exact keywords of the skills required by the organization and initially selects the resumes that contain the keywords of those skills. Additionally, the HR department that reviews the resume will also use CV-checking sites on the Internet to check whether the resume is above a certain CV level. Such sites measure the CV level by searching for keywords of knowledge in the resume. Therefore, when building a resume, you must accurately include keywords related to the knowledge in the chosen domain.

*   **Activities of Building the Resume**:   Here we explain what steps a job seeker should take after creating a profile to create a resume that is conducive to getting a job.  
    *   **Name and Domain**:   When creating a resume, it should clearly state the job seeker's official name and the exact domain and sub-domains chosen for employment.  
    *   **Contact Details**:   When creating a resume, it should include the job seeker's address, phone number, email ID, LinkedIn link, GitHub link, if they have their own website a link to it, and links to social medias where the job seeker has marketed their knowledge.  
    *   **Prefered Location**:   When creating a resume, the job seeker should clearly state in which location they are interested in working, or whether they are interested in working from home. This can become a qualification if the organization gives preference to job seekers from certain locations.  
    *   **About Me**:   When building a resume, the job seeker should explain in one paragraph how they were drawn to the chosen domain, what they have done in that field, what they have accomplished in that field, and what they hope to do next. This should be a brief description of the job seeker to attract readers to that job seeker. These specifics can become the qualifications of a job seeker.  
    *   **Professional Experience**:   When preparing a resume, the job seeker should clearly explain what training and activities have been conducted in what period and from what source, in what subjects, related to the fundamentals, security, and advanced security required for his chosen field.
    *   **Education**:   When preparing a resume, the job seekers should explain what the basic educational qualifications are.
    *   **Skills**:   When preparing a resume, the job seeker explains what knowledge and training they have acquired in the fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics required for their chosen field.
    *   **Other Skills**:   When preparing a resume, the job seeker explains what topics they have acquired training and knowledge in the External Skills section of the profile roadmap.
    *   **Communication Skills**:   When preparing a resume, the job seeker should explain which natural languages ​​they are proficient in. But, the job seeker must definitely be proficient in English.
    *   **Projects**:   When preparing a resume, the job seeker should explain what projects they have done in the fundamentals, security, and advanced security topics required for their chosen field, including descriptions of those projects, GitHub links, website links, and YouTube links of these projects.
    *   **Activities**:   When preparing a resume, the job seeker explains what activities have been done in the Contribution Part-time Job in the Profile Roadmap, along with links of those activities.